README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://chandanchaudhary-portfolio.netlify.app/" target="_blank"><img width="100%" alt="Chandan" src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/New_Cover1.jpg" /></a></p>

<h2 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Righteous&size=35&color=ff4d00&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&height=70&duration=4000&lines=Hello+👋,+from;Chandan+Chaudhary;Full-Stack+Software+Developer;+Open+Source+Contributor;+Devops;+DSA(Java);+Git+and+GitHub" />
</h2>

<!-- Top Introduction: Ended -->
<h3 align="center">I love creating new things ⚡</h3>
<p align="center">Turning imagination into reality 🚀</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://chandanchaudhary-soon.netlify.app" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-ffdd00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
    <a href="https://chandanchaudhary-portfolio.netlify.app" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000?logo=netlify&logoColor=05bdbb&style=for-the-badge" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/chandan--chaudhary" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-000?logo=linkedin&logoColor=0A66C2&style=for-the-badge" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.instagram.com/_.chandan_chaudhary" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=E4405F" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@c2explains" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-000?logo=youtube&logoColor=f58219&style=for-the-badge" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
</p>

- 🔭 Know purely about me on [my-portfolio](https://chandanchaudhary-portfolio.netlify.app/)
- 🌐 My own e-commerce Website [link](https://c2explains-chandanchaudhary.onrender.com/)
- ➡️ Explore my 50+ Projects at one place [stack-gallery](https://stackgallery-chandanchaudhary.netlify.app/)
- 👨‍💻 Let's Talk **chandanchaudhary533@gmail.com**
- 🎓 See my all 100+ Certificates [link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1JoRy_K5MQ2px5_mfsz4NtAHRKsT9T9p5) [link2](https://www.credly.com/users/chandan--chaudhary)

<h2 align="center"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/All my Mojor Projects are in Private repository, So you can contact me for better interaction.-00599c?style=for-the-badge" style="vertical-align:center" /></h2>

<a href="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=iamchandanchaudhary&style=for-the-badge&color=ff4d00"> </a> 
<!-- Top Introduction: Ended -->

<!-- My Creation: Started -->
## 👨‍💻 My Creation 

### <img src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/c2-logo-portfolio.jpg" width="16px" />  Portfolio 
[Chandan Chaudhary - Portfolio](https://chandanchaudhary-portfolio.netlify.app/),
</> and Crafted with 💛 by Chandan Chaudhary.

### <img src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/safesphare-logo.png" width="16px" />  SafeShere
[SafeShere](https://safe-sphere-sos.vercel.app/) s a women’s safety application designed to help users stay secure by providing emergency contact management, AI-driven support, and real-time safety features. </br>
**🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Contributors:** Chandan Chaudhary, Faraz Mirza, Adnan Sheikh, Enaba Salman

### <img src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/c2-exp-logo.png" width="16px" />  C2Explain 
[C2Explain - Chandan Chaudhary](https://c2explains-chandanchaudhary.onrender.com/),
</> Accelerate your web development workflow, whether you're building sleek dashboards, dynamic landing pages, or scalable web applications 🧡 by Chandan Chaudhary.

<!-- My Creation: Ended -->

<!-- Tools and Frameworks: Started -->
## <img align='left' src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Rocket.png" width="30" align="center"> Tools and Frameworks:
<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode,github,mongodb,express,react,nodejs,html,css,js,ts,tailwind,bootstrap,cpp,java,python,npm,mysql,replit,linux,figma,netlify,vercel,photoshop,premiere,unity"> </a> </p>
<!-- Tools and Frameworks: Ended -->

<!-- Code Slogan: Started -->
``` java
 if (codeWorking) {
     while (codeQuality < perfectCode) {
         codeQuality++;
     }
 }
 // - Chandan Chaudhary
```
<!-- Code Slogan: Ended -->

<!-- GitHub Stats: Started -->
## <h2><img src="https://media4.giphy.com/media/MIGbtLZoVjbl0bYbAd/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e472t2h0i8d7dcjaoau9iqtchhr899hxmpxzzgc7lyw&rid=giphy.gif" width="30">  GitHub Stats:
| ![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=iamchandanchaudhary&theme=dark&layout=compact&hide=jupyter%20notebook,HTML,SCSS) | <img title="stats" alt="streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=iamchandanchaudhary&theme=dark&hide_border=true&stroke=f53b3b"/> |
| ------------- | ------------- |

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=iamchandanchaudhary&theme=radical) 
<!-- GitHub Stats: Ended -->

<a href="https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph"><img alt="iamchandanchaudhary's Activity Graph" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph/?username=iamchandanchaudhary&bg_color=1F222E&color=F8D866&line=F85D7F&point=FFFFFF&hide_border=true" /></a>

<!-- GitHub Trophies: Started -->
## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=iamchandanchaudhary&theme=radical&no-frame=false&margin-w=4)
<!-- GitHub Stats: Ended -->

<!--
### ✍️ My Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical) -->

<!-- Thick line at the end 👇 -->
---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=iamchandanchaudhary&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

Commit message:

Fix typos and enhance project descriptions in README
Corrected typos and improved descriptions for projects.

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://chandanchaudhary-portfolio.netlify.app/" target="_blank"><img width="100%" alt="Chandan" src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/New_Cover1.jpg" /></a></p>

<h2 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Righteous&size=35&color=ff4d00&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&height=70&duration=4000&lines=Hello+👋,+from;Chandan+Chaudhary;Full-Stack+Software+Developer;+Open+Source+Contributor;+Devops;+DSA(Java);+Git+and+GitHub" />
</h2>

<!-- Top Introduction: Ended -->
<h3 align="center">I love creating new things ⚡</h3>
<p align="center">Turning imagination into reality 🚀</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://chandanchaudhary-soon.netlify.app" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-ffdd00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
    <a href="https://chandanchaudhary-portfolio.netlify.app" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000?logo=netlify&logoColor=05bdbb&style=for-the-badge" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/chandan--chaudhary" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-000?logo=linkedin&logoColor=0A66C2&style=for-the-badge" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.instagram.com/_.chandan_chaudhary" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=E4405F" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@c2explains" target="_blank"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-000?logo=youtube&logoColor=f58219&style=for-the-badge" style="vertical-align:center" /></a>
</p>

- 🔭 Know purely about me on [my-portfolio](https://chandanchaudhary-portfolio.netlify.app/)
- 🌐 My own e-commerce Website [link](https://c2explains-chandanchaudhary.onrender.com/)
- ➡️ Explore my 50+ Projects at one place [stack-gallery](https://stackgallery-chandanchaudhary.netlify.app/)
- 👨‍💻 Let's Talk **chandanchaudhary533@gmail.com**
- 🎓 See my all 100+ Certificates [link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1JoRy_K5MQ2px5_mfsz4NtAHRKsT9T9p5) [link2](https://www.credly.com/users/chandan--chaudhary)

<h2 align="center"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/All my Mojor Projects are in Private repository, So you can contact me for better interaction.-00599c?style=for-the-badge" style="vertical-align:center" /></h2>

<a href="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=iamchandanchaudhary&style=for-the-badge&color=ff4d00"> </a> 
<!-- Top Introduction: Ended -->

<!-- My Creation: Started -->
## 👨‍💻 My Creation 

### <img src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/c2-logo-portfolio.jpg" width="16px" />  Portfolio 
[Chandan Chaudhary - Portfolio](https://chandanchaudhary-portfolio.netlify.app/),
</> and Crafted with 🩵 by Chandan Chaudhary.

### <img src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/safesphare-logo.png" width="16px" />  SafeShere
[SafeShere](https://safe-sphere-sos.vercel.app/) is a women’s safety application designed to help users stay secure by providing emergency contact management, AI-driven support, and real-time safety features. </br>
**🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Contributors:** Chandan Chaudhary, Faraz Mirza, Adnan Sheikh, Enaba Salman

### <img src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/c2-exp-logo.png" width="16px" />  C2Explain 
[C2Explain - Chandan Chaudhary](https://c2explains-chandanchaudhary.onrender.com/),
</> Accelerate your web development workflow, whether you're building sleek dashboards, dynamic landing pages, or scalable web applications 🧡 by Chandan Chaudhary.

### <img src="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary/iamchandanchaudhary/blob/main/assets/c2-logo-stackgallery.png" width="16px" />  StackGallery 
[StackGallery - Chandan Chaudhary](https://stackgallery-chandanchaudhary.netlify.app/),
</> is a curated collection of the projects I’ve worked on — from web apps and UI components to full-stack builds. Each project showcases my skills in design, development, and problem-solving. and Crafted with 💛 by Chandan Chaudhary.

<!-- My Creation: Ended -->

<!-- Tools and Frameworks: Started -->
## <img align='left' src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Rocket.png" width="30" align="center"> Tools and Frameworks:
<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/iamchandanchaudhary"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode,github,mongodb,express,react,nodejs,html,css,js,ts,tailwind,bootstrap,cpp,java,python,npm,mysql,replit,linux,figma,netlify,vercel,photoshop,premiere,unity"> </a> </p>
<!-- Tools and Frameworks: Ended -->

<!-- Code Slogan: Started -->
``` java
 if (codeWorking) {
     while (codeQuality < perfectCode) {
         codeQuality++;
     }
 }
 // - Chandan Chaudhary
```
<!-- Code Slogan: Ended -->

<!-- GitHub Stats: Started -->
## <h2><img src="https://media4.giphy.com/media/MIGbtLZoVjbl0bYbAd/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e472t2h0i8d7dcjaoau9iqtchhr899hxmpxzzgc7lyw&rid=giphy.gif" width="30">  GitHub Stats:
| ![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=iamchandanchaudhary&theme=dark&layout=compact&hide=jupyter%20notebook,HTML,SCSS) | <img title="stats" alt="streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=iamchandanchaudhary&theme=dark&hide_border=true&stroke=f53b3b"/> |
| ------------- | ------------- |

![](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=iamchandanchaudhary&theme=radical) 
<!-- GitHub Stats: Ended -->

<a href="https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph"><img alt="iamchandanchaudhary's Activity Graph" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph/?username=iamchandanchaudhary&bg_color=1F222E&color=F8D866&line=F85D7F&point=FFFFFF&hide_border=true" /></a>

<!-- GitHub Trophies: Started -->
## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=iamchandanchaudhary&theme=radical&no-frame=false&margin-w=4)
<!-- GitHub Stats: Ended -->

<!--
### ✍️ My Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical) -->

<!-- Thick line at the end 👇 -->
---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=iamchandanchaudhary&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
